README.md, before:

## Hey, I'm Arislan 👋

About me
🔸🔹🔸 I'm a Computer Science and Statistics double major at the University of Vriginia

  📫   You can reach me at arislanatelek@gmail.com

  🏡   I'm based in Northern Virginia with flexibility to recolate within the United States

  🌎   Take a look at my website https://sachaa.dev

🔸🔹🔸 Go Hoos!

## 💻 Languages
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/r/r-original.svg" alt="r" width="45" height="45"/>
</p>

## 📚 Frameworks & Libraries
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" alt="nextjs" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" alt="react" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/django/django-plain.svg" alt="django" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="nodejs" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="45" height="45"/>
</p>

## 🛠️ Tools
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="docker" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" alt="bash" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" alt="postgresql" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="git" width="45" height="45"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Replace website link with LinkedIn profile
Updated contact information and website link.

README.md, after:

## Hey, I'm Arislan 👋

About me
🔸🔹🔸 I'm a Computer Science and Statistics double major at the University of Vriginia

  📫   You can reach me at arislanatelek@gmail.com

  🏡   I'm based in Northern Virginia with flexibility to recolate within the United States

  🌎   Connect with me! www.linkedin.com/in/atelek19

🔸🔹🔸 Go Hoos!

## 💻 Languages
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/r/r-original.svg" alt="r" width="45" height="45"/>
</p>

## 📚 Frameworks & Libraries
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nextjs/nextjs-original.svg" alt="nextjs" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" alt="react" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/django/django-plain.svg" alt="django" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="nodejs" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/pandas/pandas-original.svg" alt="pandas" width="45" height="45"/>
</p>

## 🛠️ Tools
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/amazonwebservices/amazonwebservices-original-wordmark.svg" alt="aws" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="docker" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" alt="bash" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original.svg" alt="postgresql" width="45" height="45"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="git" width="45" height="45"/>
</p>
